Draft guide for OCI Kubernetes (#1175)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: guides/micronaut-k8s/micronaut-k8s.adoc

> The previous `UsersController` controller uses `User` object to represent customer. Create the `User` class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UsersController` class uses a `User` object to represent customer. Create the `User` class
```

=== Test integration between applications

> Store the api microservice url to API_URL variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store the URL of the `api` microservice in the `API_URL` environment variable.
```

<4> Name of a service, required for service discovery.
<5> Micronaut default port on which application is running.

external-template:micronaut-k8s/k8s-deploy-service.adoc[arg0=api]

=== Test integration between applications deployed on Kubernetes

> Run next command to check status of created pods and make sure that all have status "Running":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the next command to check status of the pods and make sure that all of them have the status "Running":
```
